[Music]
Hello hearts how are you well
this time I have some
rather peculiar news and that is that Adriana
Abenia has given an interview in the
world that has not left
anyone indifferent and people are
complaining because it is not the first
time that Adriana Abenia has found herself
involved in a controversy like this and
a few months ago she shared some
stories on her installment in which she
made a kind of claim
against fat people because fat people
cost us a lot okay or so
literally that's what I'm
telling you according to a story a
publication that she also published
in her this great tagging the government
and the Spanish health system she complained that
fat people cost us a lot of money
obesity takes 7 percent of
Spain's health spending that people
have to take better care of themselves and so on because they
were causing a terrible waste to the
economy of the Spanish health system no this
if she had focused it differently she
could still have some reason don't
listen be very careful with romanticizing fact
because there are many people who are
normalizing as if it were something good
one thing is to accept all people
each one as they are because there are people
who can not change their physique for whatever it is
worth but another thing is that we
are going to make plus sizes fashionable now
as if it were something beautiful as
if it were something healthy no other way of
putting it but here basically what she
does is complain and say how good that we have to
see what they are doing that they are
costing us fat people a lot of money that we
all pay for it however when
she has taken photos for example
smoking saying that that photograph
with the cigarette gave it a
more interesting touch it has not been a
witch's house a flight to ashes it's not that
this after people
jumped on her as is normal she
played the victim and alone well the one of much
that I know no that they do this they don't
start messing with everyone they say
all kinds of nonsense and when
people tell her things and put her in her
place they play the victim and now look at
how focused the interview that they have
done in the world is no and it is that she returns to
criticize the role of society with
the body  positive
says now if you're good you have to
ask for forgiveness hahaha
this girl's way of expressing herself is incredible. I'll be reading the
comments box telling you what you think and I'll
send you a huge hug and I'll see you
later
[Music]